
Day 1 and Day 2.
1) git init commands helps us to create new repository in our local storage for storing codes.
2) git add . command add all the files to the git repository
3) git commit -m "First commit" commands helps us in committing the codes to repository with msg "First commit"
4) Floating numbers are double numbers with point value.
5) num data types can take both integers and double value.
6) var data types can store any types of data.
7) const data types when used its value can never be redefined/changed.
8) final data types is same as const but final data types can be edited where const cannot be edited.
9) Everything is widget in flutter.


Day 3.
1) A context in build method is like tree and piece of information where other widgets are located.
2) primarySwatch gives the theme color to our app.
3) / in routes is the default/homepage.
4) class is a blueprint of their objects.
5) new keyword is used to make an object of a class but the compiler of flutter is smart enough to understand it without using the new keyword.
6) class name starts with capital letter and its sub word is also capital letter but in function the first letter is small and its sub word's first letter is capital as class.
7) Every widgets has its own key.

Day 4.
1) Whenever you add some external plugins in your project it is necessary to restart or rerun your app but if you use package then it is not necessary to restart the app.
2) SizedBox is more preferable for using space between two widgets.
3) Textfield are of 2 types: 1) Normal Textfield  2) TextFormField

Day 5.
1) ScrollView is used in case the size of the screen is small and so the widgets can be scrollable also fix the issue of bottom over flow.
2) Static can be accessed without creating an object and it is not recommended to use every time unless and until it is necessary.
3) We use navigator class while going to another page on performing some action.
4) push is used to put data over something and pop means to retrieve data from something called stack.

Day 6.
1) Every component change itself which increase the performance of the app.
2) State full widget have 2 classes where state less widget have only one class.
3) '_' is used to make the variable or class private.
4) We need to re build the screen by calling the setState function to view our changes.